Change multiple_sep from `:` to `;` (#645)
viash-io/viash: CHANGELOG.md

# Viash 0.x.x (yyyy-MM-dd): TODO Add title

## BREAKING CHANGES

* `arguments`: Change default `multiple_sep` from `:` to `;` to avoid conflicts with paths like `s3://foo/bar` (PR #645).

>   As reference, a config mod to change the `multiple_sep` back to the previous default could be `-c '.functionality.argument_groups[true].arguments[.multiple == true].multiple_sep := ","'`.

Author: maybe be explicit with the also mentioning the case for arguments, in case a user doesn't think about it:

```suggestion
  As reference, a config mod to change the `multiple_sep` back to the previous default could be added to the `_viash.yaml`:
    config_mods: |
      .functionality.argument_groups[true].arguments[.multiple == true].multiple_sep := ","
      .functionality.arguments[.multiple == true].multiple_sep := ","
```

Reviewer: I believe it should be

```suggestion
  The previous behaviour of using `multiple_sep: ":"` can be achieved by adding a config mod to the `_viash.yaml`:
    config_mods: |
      .functionality.argument_groups[true].arguments[.multiple == true].multiple_sep := ":"
```
As Viash 0.9 won't have `.functionality.arguments`.
